the mothers have reason to be worried a
male from another pride will readily
kill their young their instinct is to
stage a preemptive strike working
together they're a match for any male
but unfortunately their hair-trigger
aggression has caused a serious mistake
this male is from their own pride they
vent their remaining aggression on each
other four highly strung predators
violence comes with the territory
it's best not to take it personally Cubs
are usually a few weeks old before their
mother risks introducing them to their
father he tends to be a bit rough the
kids the Cubs are mesmerized by this 200
kilo Goliath he may be a hundred times
bigger than they are
but lying down he seems relatively
harmless even so touching him is playing
with fire
his fuels can be even shorter than their
mothers there's nothing quite like
putting your head in the lion's mouth in
parenting lions are from the old school
they aren't afraid of discipline like
human children Cubs are more Restless
than their parents but they soon learn
to relax for 20 hours each day